


                  Questions To Be Answered
NOTE: the following questions will be read by a program.  Please enter
the information on a seperate line following each question.  These
questions will give me some information about you to set up the
grading data base and also to help me assign you to your team.


On the following line, enter your name (Last, First):
Ye, Japhet

On the following line, enter the lab section you are in (001, 002 or 003):
001

On the following line, enter your wiliki login id:
japhetye

On the following line, enter the last 4 digits of your UH ID number:
9935

On the following line, tell me what name you prefer going by:
Japhet

On the following line, enter your major (EE,CENG, etc.):
CENG

On the following line, enter your class standing (Fr, So, Jr, Sr, etc.):
So

On the following line, enter your overall GPA:
3.47

On the following line, enter your grade from EE 160:
A+

On the following line, state whether you dorm, commute from nearby, or
commute from far away:
dorm

Enter the results of your learning style questionaire
exactly as shown on the results page on the following line:
Reflective(1) / Intuitive(1) / Visual(7) / Sequential(3)

IF you could list one person in the class you would liek to have on your
team, who would that be? (no guarentees):
Alicia Leong


You may answer the following optional questions by adding as many
lines as you need (this additional information can help me make
the team assignments):

(1)  Have you had any experience with computers before (hardware
or software)?   If so, what machines?

(2)  Do you have a laptop you bring/can bring to class?  If so, what kind?
yes an old laptop form 2003 whose processor's archietecture is so old that I cannot run VMware

(3)  What other classes are you taking this semester?
MATH244,PHYS274,EE213,PHYS272L,EE296(Sasaki)

(4)  Have you worked on a team in classes before? If so, how was the experience
for you?
Yes, in EE160. I had a troublesome teammate who was notorious in lecture for being loud and kind of rude. My old team member dropped the class 
and I was put in a group with said troublesome student. I did my best not to cause conflict and to work with him on completeing the homework.
In the end it was an ok experience.
(5)  Why are you taking this course? (just briefly).
It's required
(6)  What do you expect to get from this course?
To design a new chip archietecture that I can sell to intel and call it the i9+
